Refs #31777 -- Doc'd Char/TextField.db_collation parameter in MySQL notes. (#13479)
django/django: docs/ref/databases.txt

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The collation setting for a column controls the order in which data is sorted
as well as what strings compare as equal. You can specify the ``db_collation``
parameter to set the collation name of the column for
:attr:`CharField <django.db.models.CharField.db_collation>` and
:attr:`TextField <django.db.models.TextField.db_collation>`.

> It can also be set on a database-wide level and per-table. This is

Reviewer: I'm not sure `It` carries from the previous paragraph...

```suggestion
The collation can also be set on a database-wide level and per-table. This is
```

Wrapping?

Author: Updated.
